# Concourse Ruby Driver
This is the official Ruby driver for [ConcourseDB](http://concoursedb.com).

## Reference
* [Documentation](http://concoursedb.com)
* [API Docs](http://concoursedb.com)

## Quickstart
### Installation
Install via rubygems
```bash
gem install concourse-driver-ruby
```
Install via Gemfile
```ruby
gem 'concourse-driver-ruby'
```
### Usage
```ruby
require 'concourse'
concourse = Concourse.connect # connects to localhost:1717 by default
```

## Developer Setup
All commands are run from the root of the concourse-driver-ruby projects

### The Build System
We use [rake](http://rake.rubyforge.org/) as the build system. The `rake` executable is located in the root of the project.

#### Running tests
You can run all the tests using the `test` task.
```bash
$ ./rake test
```
#### Generating Documentation
```bash
$ ./rake docs
```
The documentation is generated by [yard](http://yardoc.org/) and will be available in the `build/docs` directory.
## Documentation
* TODO add a link to Guide
* TODO add a link to API docs

## Contributing
If you'd like to contribute to the development of this driver, please follow the instructions in the [contributing guide](../CONTRIBUTING.md) for all Concourse projects.

TODO add instructions for building, testing, etc

## Support & Feedback
If you run into any issues or have questions/feedback regarding this driver, please look into our various support channels.

### Bugs & Feature Requests
If you find a bug or want to request a feature
1. Visit our issue tracker and login (create an account if necessary).
2. Navigate to the Ruby project.
3. Click 'Create Issue' and fill out the applicable fields.

When submitting a ticket, please be advised that all information is **PUBLICALLY** accessible.
* **DO** provide as much information as possible (i.e. detailed steps for reproducing the issue)
* **DO** provide any redacted code snippets, stack traces and log data.
* **DO** specify the version information for the driver and the Concourse deployment.
* **DO NOT** provide any sensitive data or logs with personal/confidential/proprietary information.
* **DO NOT** report potential security issues publicly (see 'Security Issues').

### Security Issues
If you uncover a potential security issue in this driver or any other Concourse project, please report it by following the special instructions to report a security vulnerability.

## License
Copyright (c) 2013-2017 Cinchapi Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
